[IDEA] Adding the detailed version of the muon system. (#322)
key4hep/k4geo: FCCee/IDEA/compact/README.md

IDEA_o1_v02
------------

Based on o1_v01 but with a detailed description of the vertex detector, drift chamber, a place holder solenoid and the endplate absorber. Missing: SiWrapper, calorimeter.

IDEA_o1_v03
------------

> Based on o1_v02 but replacing the drift chamber (o1, v01) for the lightweight implementation based on twisted tubes (o1, v02), and Add a detailed version of the muon system. Production threshold and step limit physics have to be tuned

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on o1_v02 but replacing the drift chamber (o1, v01) for the lightweight implementation based on twisted tubes (o1, v02). NB: production threshold and step limit physics have to be tuned for the drift chamber. July 2024: Added a detailed version of the muon system. 
```

IDEA_o1_v02
------------

Based on o1_v01 but with a detailed description of the vertex detector, drift chamber and muon system, a place holder solenoid and the endplate absorber. Missing: SiWrapper, calorimeter.

> IDEA_o1_v03

Reviewer: I propose to leave IDEA_o1_v02 untouched in this PR and to adapt the IDEA_o1_v03 entry in the README
